Time example:
10s - Intro
1m 10s - The Product, The problem, The solution, why?
40s - Business, Target group, Revenue Model, Go to market strategy
20s - Teams, your plan after Garage48


Team: Yum
Presenting Youtube unlisted video manager





Team with two humble developers could 


Why? 
What?
System that allows 


Why?
Our target audience
System for small dance studi




kapec mans risinajums ir labaks?
izdomat stastu, kas aprakstis stasta labako risinajuma puses?


Kas es esmu, kas ir mana komanada
G48 laika izdomajam risinat shadu problemu

90% no cilvekiem raud majas, ka naked dance var tikt atrasts.
Sho problemu varetu atrsasinaat - 
Ar sho var 

That's all about YUP

Funkcionalitate..

Future steps/team members - mana komanda ir pietiekoši laba, lai pabeigtu tālāko attīstību.
Izdarijam great job, Vares lejupladet video 1 sekundes laikaa
Kapec vienas sekundes laikaa ir forshi - Sportisti laimiigi, viss strada atri (staasts)

Kaa tiks pelniita nauda?
Kam? 


Pozitīvie aspekti.
- taggable videos, 
- distraction free bulk upload
- 

Gribu, lai atceras - search, tags, batch upload.




--


She has uploaded videos with tags and now
she can search videos by title or tags.
The search has been made

We are two people army and we beleive in this applications bright future.
In 24 hours we ware able to plan, realise and deliver this application.



##
Hello, My name is Karlis from team YUM

SLogn - kas ir YUM!!!

let me tell you a great story
 ?? how such a small application can make a great deeds. ??

##
There's a girl named Lisa, she's 26 and she's doing Yoga for a living.
She has a *large* collection of yoga videos on her *local Hard disk drive*.

She would like to privately share video from year 2004, Yoga festival in Australia.

So she plugs in the HardDrive *waits it* to load, then among *Three thousand
and one video she tries to find the right one with default search functionallity.
After 2 glasses of water, 3 downward facing dog poses and three skype talks - *she finally finds it!*


It should't have be that Difficult.
And so here comes in *THE YUM* - Youtube unlisted video Manager

- upload
- taggable videos
- with super fast search

!! fully integrated with youtube. adding more functionality etc.
!! Ar YUM Viss ir vienkārši --> Full responsive, functionallity
!! KO mēs varam parādīt!

After finding out YUM now lisa have to:
- Log in to the system
- And search for the video using tags and keywords

The result is tremendous. She can find youtube unlisted video in seconds!


##
Our target audience are small dance or martial arts studio owners.
We will use Advertising Revenue Model - using targeted ads.  


## 
SO WHO WE ARE?
We are two people army and we beleive in this applications bright future.
In 24 hours we were able to create plan, carry out it and deliver this application.

!! Future plans !!

Really Try it!
You'll never feel happy untill you try.



